clear statement about kb-jwt pop (#427)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/remote-flow.rst

  <Issuer-Signed-JWT>~<Disclosure 1>~<Disclosure 2>~...~<Disclosure N>~<KB-JWT>

To validate the signature on the Key Binding JWT, the Verifier MUST use the key material included in the Issuer-Signed-JWT.

> The Key Binding JWT (KB-JWT) signature MUST using the public key included in the SD-JWT,

Reviewer: I'd change this sentence to:
The Key Binding JWT (KB-JWT) MUST be signed using the public key included in the SD-JWT,
present into the ``cnf`` parameter contained in the Issuer-Signed-JWT.

> The Key Binding JWT (KB-JWT) signature MUST using the public key included in the SD-JWT,

Author: ```suggestion
The Key Binding JWT (KB-JWT) signature validation MUST use the public key included in the SD-JWT,
```
